{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 Document V2\cb1 \
\
Creating An Account\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Default Credentials are Username: teacher Password: teacher\
1. Sign in with the credentials listed above. Then click, log in.\
2. Enter your private password. (Do not give it to anyone). Then click, submit.\
3. On the first page, that you\'92re currently on, there should be a button called (Create User). Click it.\
4. Give your account a username. Then a password that is case sensitive. For the permission, it may be (teacher) or (admin). All lowercase.\
5. click submit.\
5a. If a message shows on screen try again doing what it says.\
6. On your screen click the button (next screen).\
7. Now click logout.\
8. Try to log in with the new account.\
9. If it worked great!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adding Tools.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 1. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sign in with your credentials.\
2. Enter your private password. (Do not give it to anyone). Then click, submit.\
3. On the first page, that you\'92re currently on, there should be a button called (Add Tool). Click it.\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
4. Give it a name and a barcode.\
5. Click submit.\
6. Repeat 3-5 as many times as needed.\
Somethings to note.\
You can have infinite items with the same name.\
Items cannot have conflicting barcodes. So Barcodes must be unique to each item.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf3 Removing Tools\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 1. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sign in with your credentials.\
2. Enter your private password. (Do not give it to anyone). Then click, submit.\
3. On the first page, that you\'92re currently on, there should be a button called (Remove Tool). Click it.\
4. Enter the barcode for the item. Then click (submit).\
5. Repeat 3-4 as many times as needed.}